h1. 'site' manages sites.

h2. Generates config files and operates services to get a site activated or deactivated on the server.

site new fluidjs.com
* creates all the configs you need, and stores them in your ~/SiteConfigs. You can edit them there at any time.
* add the option "--thin" if you are using thin for this app.
sudo site activate fluidjs.com
* creates hard-links to your configs in appropriate places: /etc/nginx/sites-available/, /etc/haproxy/sites/, and /etc/thin/ (if applicable)
* creates a symlink for nginx in sites-enabled
* reloads nginx & haproxy
* starts thin (if applicable) or cilantro (if applicable)
sudo site deactivate fluidjs.com
* removes symlink in sites-enabled
* removes all hard-link'd configs from the system
* reloads nginx & haproxy
* stops thin (if applicable) or cilantro (if applicable)
site remove fluidjs.com
* deletes the configs from SiteConfigs, but complains if the site is currently activated

h1. 'cilantro' sinatra services.

Example commands, self-explanatory:
* cilantro # assumes "run" command (runs sinatra in foreground) and current directory
* cilantro start /path/to/app --port 5555
* cilantro stop /path/to/app # stops all services in that app
* cilantro stop /path/to/app --port 5555 # stops only the service running on port 5555
* cilantro start # assumes current directory, complains if it doesn't find a config/init.rb
* cilantro stop # assumes current directory, stops all services
* cilantro status # (with any other typical arguments) lists services and their ports
